HTTPS SSL
This repository contains solutions for the HTTPS SSL project in the DevOps, SysAdmin, and Security domains. The project was authored by Sylvain Kalache, co-founder at Holberton School.
}

Concepts
For this project, we expect you to be familiar with the following concepts:

DNS
Web stack debugging
Background Context
The project focuses on understanding the implications of not securing website traffic.

Learning Objectives
By the end of this project, you are expected to be able to explain the following without the help of Google:

What HTTPS SSL is and its two main roles
The purpose of encrypting traffic
What SSL termination means
Requirements
General
Allowed editors: vi, vim, emacs
Interpreted on: Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
File Endings: All files should end with a new line
Mandatory: README.md file at the root of the project folder
Bash Scripts: Must be executable and pass Shellcheck (version 0.3.7) without any error
Bash Script First Line: Should be exactly #!/usr/bin/env bash
Bash Script Second Line: Should be a comment explaining what the script does
Tasks
0. World Wide Web
Mandatory

Configure your domain zone so that the subdomain www points to your load-balancer IP (lb-01). Additionally, add other subdomains for ease of use and write a Bash script to display information about subdomains.

Requirements:

Add subdomains www, lb-01, web-01, and web-02 to your domain
Bash script must accept 2 arguments: domain and subdomain
Output format: The subdomain [SUB_DOMAIN] is a [RECORD_TYPE] record and points to [DESTINATION]
Example usage:

ruby
Copy code
$ ./0-world_wide_web holberton.online
$ ./0-world_wide_web holberton.online web-02
1. HAProxy SSL Termination
Mandatory

Configure HAProxy to accept encrypted traffic for the subdomain www using a certificate generated by certbot.

Requirements:

HAProxy must listen on port TCP 443 and accept SSL traffic
HAProxy must serve encrypted traffic returning the / of your web server containing "Holberton School"
HAProxy config file must be shared as 1-haproxy_ssl_termination in /etc/haproxy/haproxy.cfg
2. No Loophole in Your Website Traffic
Advanced

Configure HAProxy to automatically redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS.

Requirements:

HTTP traffic should be transparently redirected to HTTPS with a 301 response
HAProxy config file must be shared as 100-redirect_http_to_https in /etc/haproxy/haproxy.cfg
Resources
Read or watch:

What is HTTPS?
What are the 2 main elements that SSL is providing?
HAProxy SSL termination on Ubuntu16.04
SSL termination
Bash function
Man or help:

awk
dig
Repository
GitHub Repository: alx-system_engineering-devops
Directory: 0x10-https_ssl
Files: 0-world_wide_web, 1-haproxy_ssl_termination, 100-redirect_http_to_https
